Team Member - Appin Software Group
❖ 2.2 years of IT experience in various technologies like C#.Net, VB.Net, VB 6, VBScript, SQL Server. 
❖ Expertise in implementing .Net technologies with ADO.Net to develop Enterprise applications. 
❖ Expertise in implementing .Net Design Patterns. 
❖ Good Knowledge in Web Services and WCF Applications. 
❖ Good Knowledge in Socket Programming using .Net as well as in VB 6.
Software Developer
Appin Software Group - New Delhi, Delhi
Technologies: C#, ADO.Net, SQL Server 2005, Visual Studio 2008, VB 6 
App Server: Windows Application 
Matrix Framework is a new tool for Penetration Testing and the ultimate resource to demonstrate the security of your network. With the help of this software, you can easily get the basic information of target by sending mail either in the form of link or attachment by using either Social engineering webpage, Exploits or Payloads. With RAT, you can take the full control of the client machine and you can perform any operation on their machine, you can also use cmd command in CMD shell to perform operation & many more such functionality. 
❖ Implemented Action Classes. 
❖ Implemented Form Design, their coding and tested the entire application. 
❖ Implemented FTP Server Configuration and their Monitoring. 
❖ Implemented Database using SQL Server as backend and ADO.Net for their connectivity. 
❖ Fix all the bugs come during running whole Application.
Software Developer
Appin Software Group - New Delhi, Delhi
Technical Skill 
Operating System Windows-XP, Windows 7 
Programming Languages C, C++, C#, ASP.Net, VB.Net, VB 6.0, VBScript 
Framework .Net Framework 2.0, 3.5 
Tools & Methodologies Software Engineering 
Markup Language HTML, XML. 
PROJECT #1: Matrix Framework 
Platform: Windows XP/ 7
Software Developer
Appin Software Group - New Delhi, Delhi
Technologies: C#, Visual Studio 2008, SQL Server 2005 
❖ Involved in Designing, Coding and Testing of two modules. 
❖ Implemented Database using SQL Server as backend and ADO.Net for their Interaction. 
Appin Software Group
Technologies: C#, ADO.Net, Crystal Report, SQL Server 2005, VS 2005. 
App Server: Windows Application 
Call Data Record Analyzer is used to analysis and tracking criminal on call data record base by most of the intelligence organization of India. This software maintains call data record and make different type of intelligence search to find a important information. This software generate various type of report based on different searches (frequency, time wise, duration wise, call type wise, subscriber, cell id, IMEI based, international call etc) 
❖ Implemented Form Design, their coding and tested three Modules. 
❖ Implemented Database using SQL Server as backend and ADO.Net for their connectivity.  
Platform: Windows XP/ 7
Skills
Language Known : English, Hindi 
